# Hello_World

Hello World!

     Welcome to my Github page, I am excited to share my work with people and see what others have done with their programming. I am a non traditional student attending college, I am a first year Mechanical Engineering student. I typically haven't been a huge fan of school, till I found college level calulus, engineering and programming which relit my learning passion. I have been a gear head most of my life, I have been passionate about motorsports, aviation and mechanical devises since as long as I can remember. I went to my first indycar race in 1992 and I was hooked. I was a gas turbine engine mechanic on F/A-18's, afterwards I attended the Jim Russell Racing school, enrolled in the Mechanics Training Program. I spent the better part of a dedade traveling the nations tracks and turning wrenches as a professional race car Mechanic. At my last full time position as Cheif Mechanic I found the next level. I decided I wanted to persue a carreer as a Race Engineer. I embarked on that journey working on my Batchelors of Science in Mechanical Engineering, and a minor in Computer Science. 

    I see the future of racing development as a combination of Mechanical Engineering fundamentals, dynamics and computational methods. Including but not limited to FEA, CAE but also Artificiaul Intellegence and Machine Learning. With the data streams we currently evaluate, Machine Learning and computational methods have taken what used to take 2 days in excel and turned it to hours with Matlab and Data Science. I look forward to sharing the work I do on my journey as as an engineer and data scientist.  
